doc/contributing: supplement info about how rsync works (#3713)
replicatedhq/kURL: CONTRIBUTING.md

   ```

1. Rsync local packages to remote test server.

   ```shell
   npm install
   export REMOTES="USER@TARGET_SERVER_IP" # Add here the ssh credentials to connect to the remote server
   make watchrsync
   # The job continually synchronizes local builds, keep it running
   ```

   **NOTE:** Note that the scripts, images and binaries will be built under the [build directory](./build) and synchronized

>    to the server under the directory `$HOME/kurl` in your remote server. The scripts used to the tests will be moved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to the server under the directory `$HOME/kurl` in your remote server. The install scripts used for testing will be moved
```
